Very successful.
Let's do it together.
Let's create a new component here in goal input by importing react from react.
And then here are all named as goal input.
And I just like this constant syntax here you could use function goal input to create your functional
component that would be fine too then here all export the default goal input and now here we need to
return something and that something is in the end.
This view with the text input and the button.
So let me grab that entire view returned here between brackets so that this is a written across multiple
lines and nicely formatted and of course we now need to again import stuff from React Native because
we're using a couple of components from reactive we are using the view component we are using the text
input component we are using the button component and I also want to use the stylus used component to
set up my style sheet object.
So for Dad let's add styles here with style sheet dot create pass and object to get started create method
and of course take the styles from the app J as fall that would be the input container anti input so
cut both so that only the screen remains here and back and goal input.
I'll add both here to my style sheet so that this should work again what won't work right now is that
when we tap the button that we add this because here we now actually well we are not having the state
and goal input and when I tap the button I actually want to do something an app chars.
So first of all we need to split the state the entered goal should not be managed an app J.S. but it
should be managed in goal input because that's where we have to text input in the end which is where
the user does enter the goal so let's add to use state import here in goal input and then add our state
management logic here with entered goal and set entered goal which we get from you state which we initialized
with an empty string let's add it here to goal input and from the app last fall I'll also take the goal
Input handler cut it from there and add it to goal input here.
So this function in a function which we connect to on change text and now with that fetching the user
input should work again.
Now for the button when we press this I want to trigger a function app Chase I want to trigger the app
goal handler and that function should stay here because I need to manage to list here because the app
as fall is the only component which will have access to the goal input enter the flattest where we output
the goals and speaking off that we can already import goal inputs there in app J.S. from components
goal input and add goal input as a component here above the flat list but again now we need to be able
to find out when a button is pressed in this component and then react.
You do that by passing the function which the child component should execute eventually as a prop to
the child component.
So here we could add on add goal dad name is totally up to you.
It's a prop you define.
And this points at ad goal handler.
This alone won't do anything but on ad goal will now be received as a prop inside of goal input and
it will point at a function which means we can execute it as a function there.
So in goal input they're on press.
I can simply point at prop start on ad goal right.
Because all that goal is that prop name I'm setting up here in the app just fall Data's received instead
of goal input on the props object we're getting in every functional component and on ad goal points
at a function so we can pass it to oppress.
So did on press or react native therefore knows that it should call this function when we press the
button.
That's how you do this and react native.
Still we'd have an issue because in ad code handler I'm referring to the entered goal and dead previously
was managed in here but isn't anymore.
We managed to enter goal which is to text input entered by the user in goal input now and not an app
Chase.
So ad Gil handler should actually now receive an argument which is the goal title or whatever you want
to name it.
This name is up to you and that's what we stored as a value here.
Now we have to make sure that we forward this argument when on that goal gets executed in the goal input
so that happens here on a press and dare we just point at this to also set up an argument which should
eventually be passed along we get two options.
Option 1 is that we set up an anonymous arrow function here.
Now does arrow function will be executed eventually and therefore now we can add parentheses here because
this will now not get executed.
When this gets rendered first instead this arrow function will be registered as ad to be executed function
for on press.
And now here in on ad goal we can forward the entered goal for example Deadwood work or alternatively
we don't use this anonymous arrow function approach and hence we can't add parentheses here but then
we can use another javascript feature on functions we can call bind to pre configure some arguments
which should eventually be passed along when this function gets executed.
The first argument is always to want the this keyword should refer.
This doesn't matter for us here so we can just write this but the second argument here were all our
arguments they're often actually will be the arguments received by this function when it is called and
it is called up on a button press.
So these are now the arguments which are forwarded to the on ad goal function which in the end is just
our ad goal handler function and there we need to gold title.
So we need to forward this.
So therefore here I can now set up entered goal as a to be forwarded argument.
That's normal vanilla javascript syntax here.
And now with this it's getting rendered.
That's looking good.
And if I enter your learned react native you're still getting output here so that all works.
But now we split the Zap into multiple components which is what you typically do in react to apps and
react native apps just like you do it and react for web apps because it keeps your components leaner
more focused and your code more organized and easier to understand.